# PUI2016_solutions
## Grading guidelines
- Each HW must be turned in as a directory in PUI2016_\<netID>.
- The directory  HW\<hw_number>\_\<netID> must have a README.md which who was in the group that the student worked in and states the student's participation. No penalty if the student declairs not to have had any contribution but to have jut followed and learned. However __missing the README.md, missing the statement about who the student worked with and what they did, or inconsistencies between the statements of students within the group that cannot be easily reconceiled by asking will costs them 10% of the grade__.
- Each assignment turned in as a notebook must have rendered plots with axis labels and captions. __Each missing/non rendered plot, or plot without axes labels or caption will cost 10% of the grade__.
- The notebook must be executables: the TA must downlad the notebook and run it cell by cell without errors. If data are used they must be available to the TA, ideally by loading them online, so that the TA does not need to download large datasets (more details on this will be given in each homework set). The student should use conventional libraries, the use of any unusual library should be justified, and indicated explicitly in the readme, along with links to obtain the library if not available by conda, pip, port, or brew install. __Turning in a notebook that cannot be executed will cost 10% of the grade__.
- If code is used from other resources, e.g. copying a function found online, the resource must be stated, as a citation, in the notebook. **Plagiarism is not allowed (obviously) and severely punished by NYU. Instances of plagiarism will cost the entire homework grade, and may cost failing the class, and may cause expulsion from the program!**
- Adherence to coding style (PEP8) will be encouraged in the first half of the semester, without being penalized. __In the second half of the semester (starting with the midterm) not adhearing to the PEP8 guidelines will cost 10% of the grade__.
- Ultimately the homework are for the student to learn, and the test of your learning is in the Midterm and Final, where the student __has to work alone__. Working in groups is encouraged in the homework preciselly so that students can support each other and learn from eachother taking advantage of the complementary skills they have. Understand the homework, so that you learn. Go over the homework solution and the TA corrections. 
